now I'd like to show you a hot broccoli
dish that's very easy to make
it's called stir fried ginger broccoli
for this you need about one pound of
broccoli cut up the florets like this
and take the stem and peel it and thinly
slice them then take the broccoli and
cook it in boiling water for a couple of
minutes few minutes or so then take it
out and plunge it in cold water to stop
it from cooking any further then drain
it and put it on a plate like this until
you're ready to use it now I'm going to
start my stir-fry and first I'm going to
heat up the wok until it's hot and then
I'm using a one hand the wok by the way
because I'm doing stir-fry then add the
oil like this swirl it around to
distribute it evenly and then I'm going
to flavor it with ginger I'm using a 1
inch piece of ginger finely shred it
like this be sure to peel it first
add the ginger in and stir it around and
then add half a teaspoon of fall like
that
a nice ginger flavor then quickly add
the broccoli
and toss that Jesus tribute the broccoli
very evenly with the oil and also the
ginger and if it seems too dry for you
you can always add a little bit of water
like that yeah remember when your
stir-fry the important thing to remember
is never panic if it's too hot it seems
like too hot for you just move it to the
side rather than turning off the heat
now this is just perfect
I'm going to finish the final flavoring
with a half a teaspoon of sesame oil
toss it a little bit and it's very quick
because the broccoli has already been
cooked in the boiling water so the stir
frying is just to give it that nice
ginger flavor and there it is already
how lovely that looks stir fry ginger
broccoli it's really quite marvelous